well howdy there Internet people its Bo
again so tonight tonight starting off I
want you to get an image of a Comanche
in your head not the helicopter a native
but you to hold that image tonight
historians will tell us that dogs first
became part of human culture because of
campfires they saw the light the warmth
like most animals they were curious and
wanted to come check it out eventually
they got scraps and there you go they
became part of human culture that
newcomer to our way of life changed it
for the better
it's important to keep in mind as we
discuss as a nation what American
culture is I don't have a clue it's
constantly changing I do know a little
bit about an older American culture
though the Comanche odds are the image
you have in your mind is of a warrior on
horseback with a spear or rifle it's a
fair image thing is they didn't always
have horses horses were relatively new
in fact prior to the horses showing up
which they got from the pueblos they
were part of the Shoshone they broke
away because they accepted that they
accepted that new technology suppo to
speak they accepted the new comer change
their whole way of life they were able
to follow the Buffalo eventually you had
migrants from the tribe they left come
to them
interesting
those changes in culture eventually
become the culture and it's hard to
separate from what it was before it's
just the natural progression of history
the horse became so important to them
that when the US military was trying to
weed them out they took 1,400 of their
horses and they killed a thousand of the
horses and to a lot of people that was
the end that was the end of Comanche
resistance because the Warriors for the
most part didn't know how to fight
anymore that that horse had become such
an integral part of their culture that
they just couldn't do without it
I have a feeling that if horses and dogs
can change cultures so drastically so
much that people can too and I would
wager to believe that in a hundred years
the newcomers that so many people just
don't want today for whatever reason
they'd be inseparable from what is
America just the way the stories of the
Irish newcomers or the Italian or the
French or the German we've all got those
stories
every group of people has that newcomer
has that thing that they need to accept
for their culture to continue to grow
otherwise it stagnates
mark
I would hope
that the majority of Americans realize
that every newcomer group that has ever
come to this country made it better this
group isn't gonna be any different gotta
let that go
the sad part is as we talk about closing
the border Americans are more concerned
about avocados than people anyway it's
just a thought I have a good night